beauty talks people who talk here with
You're the best guys here.
back with drugs or ginco existed
People, I'm about to face this.
dragon is flying over local
I wanted to talk to you about
Next topic
the game even if there is then I stopped
play a while since I was
playing well light was also grabbed
in destiny in the remastering of gta
So I ended up giving a stop at the
joneide but I'm back here now I
I have about 60 hours of game time
so I can not talk better about the
game was the following the game already left does
some time but I decided to address this
theme here with you because a lot of people
still asks me about the game and such
people who have not yet bought
prioritize other most famous games
So let's just say a little
As such, this game is what I thought it was.
the following galera is not all game won
like the game of the year 2014 this
award I agree was because
really the game is very well finished
is a game that you easily pass from
play ladies without feeling sick
there is enough to do
hundreds of secondary missions and when
speaks of secondary missions in omissions
Ahhh, there you go.
key does not have enough to be
made very well-crafted missions
also have some plans for the game so
nothing like that is very difficult neither players
also can not succeed
but there are plenty of benches in the
game and something that calls me a lot
attention is also the quantity of items
differentiated weapons that have not only weapons
hard collectibles has a plethora of
of items that can be collected in the game
there and that it really works for
example many times rpg games have the
collected on some types of stones
that you collect and such that practically
are not used and all that I have collected
who do not play today I had to use
something is an armor or is
to improve a weapon or else by some
another kind of thing until finally
some missions so this is another one
aspect that I quite liked
Something else also that I liked a lot
were the graphics so I will not say
which are the best graphics in the world
so if it's a rpg you have
Very beautiful setting very well
made known is not only in technical terms
but also in the artistic part of much
beautiful enemies the ambiance sceneries
has deserted caves forests is years
snow in mountains
so there are a lot of scenarios there
to be explored are scenarios
gigantic and so it is not a world
open if not an open world game
You know, it's a game so it has aria.
open for example you get there
selected desert has an entire area
Desert to explore there for
example conserving the forest is you
talk selects from the forest is
wcom but so the scenarios they are not
are interconnected only you can not by
example in the desert for the
forest
then it is as if it were large areas that
you can explore and in these areas and
Now I can talk to you with
security are really immense luck
too much to do then
You're sure to lose a lot of
hours in each of these areas and that
it was also surprising that
fact
the game also features a system is
cooperation between the characters you
can ball hit the gang is raining
much here then you will hear showed
That's why it's raining too much in the
arrival then let's continue here is
you can ball differentiated tactics
I have here two warriors came back
playing warrior here has another one
warrior with me has an archer and a
magician so I can position by
example face this dragon I can
position the magician a little further
For him how fragile I am here.
I can position it a little further
to try is to prevent him from taking damage and
how it can attack from afar it will
attack the enemy from afar at this time
it's cover to position it away
so you can do different tactics
to face the enemies have a
enemy who does not even need fees and will
There you get scared of beating him normal.
face-to-face beauty but we have
enemies that demand more tactics like
that dragon and for example make dragon
It's not the first I got.
facing the others faced
and take a beating because most
Dragons are elementary japan dragon
which dragon fire food that
fed ice and this is the right
Only one I thought did not have one
element no helena fodder same
So I went up to him and was the only one
I managed to get better and continued
to talk about some more aspects of the game
gameplay galley is a player of
typical age of rpgs the character is not
very free you know to keep jumping
climbing things but he does have one
certain freedom he can jump is the
normal public is getting around
usually for the scenario does not have a
system of government and none of
talking gameplay character
normal basic character but it is very
then works great
well, the game style does not matter
nothing about it
You can also change you can
control and different character of your
team and I just put the archer
you can also control others if
you do not get caught just by controlling the
character you created you can
to control the other members who
Do you have on your team?
another interesting fact also about
that the team members are you in the
from the story you are advancing
You meet various characters.
so like this you will meet a
character that has a
by the ability to use heavy weapons
against another that is the life of the use
with the bow then you can recruit
these characters and use them with
you can with him is to advance in the
using them on the way there
I always use these steps
characters and warrior bótons
control mother boots more 11 madrid because
there are many areas of the game that
use thin and also votes a thief
who is the archer here that he is
responsible for opening some doors
other things than the other characters
you can not do this, it's also cool that
every character has his skill
Special
My conclusion is just a game.
Amazing
It was very worth buying this one.
game now I'm taking it firmer
As I said a little more or less 60 hours.
game is in braga died what I am
with more or less 60 hours of play
it was worth it was a game that
I really recommend it only if you do not
to like rpg that is not worth
buy this game then who likes it
a mandatory game there I recommend
very kind of head very sister in
this video do not forget to
subscribe to the channel leave your
comment your fan and until the next
guys go there I 'll love my opinion only
Do you think that game should be in a hurry?
at stake now it 's really fucking
pleasure can stop being so hard on him
show of ball against goias if not me
I will shut up watching the accordion
thank you
the world